CONSOLE COMMANDS

 		World of Warcraft Commands 

 		Applicable to 1.12.1 (5875) 
 		To view my guide for maximizing quality and smoothness in WoW,
visit the link below! 
 		I greatly value your feedback! After using this resource, fill out
a feedback form. 

 		Compiled by Shadowlurk 
 		http://forum.nostalrius.org/viewtopic.php?f=32&t=1100 
 		http://goo.gl/forms/IpxKgusnzf 

 		Datamined from WoW.exe 

 		Command Line Switches 
 		Description 
 		How to use Command Line Switches 

 		-console 
 		Enables developer console. 
 		1) Create a shortcut to WoW.exe. 

 		-d16 
 		Unknown. Presumably 16-bit depth. 
 		2) Right-click the shortcut and click "Properties". 

 		-d24 
 		Unknown. Presumably 24-bit depth. 
 		3) Locate the "Target" field. Scroll to the end. 

 		-d32 
 		Unknown. Presumably 32-bit depth. 
 		4) Add a space after the last quotation mark. 

 		-hwdetect 
 		Perform hardware detection. 
 		5) Add command line switches from the list on the left. Separate
each one with a space. 

 		-gxoverride 
 		Unknown. 
 		6) Apply changes and start game using the shortcut. 

 		-windowed 
 		Run the game in windowed mode. This can potentially decrease FPS. 
 		How to use Console Variables/Commands 

 		-nofixlag 
 		Unknown. Presumably disables attempts to reduce mouse lag. If so,
may increase FPS. 
 		1) Add -console using the above instructions. 

 		-nosound 
 		Run the game without sound. Can reduce CPU overhead if using
onboard sound. 
 		2) Open WoW with the game shortcut you created. 

 		-uptodate 
 		Tricks the game into thinking it is up to date. 
 		3) Press the tilde key ~ (to the left of 1, above TAB on US
keyboard) 

 		-16bit 
 		Unknown. Possibly set color depth to 16-bit? I don't know. 
 		4) Type the command, followed by a space, and a value. 

 		-1600x1200 
 		Sets screen resolution to 1600x1200. 
 		5) Press Enter to confirm the command. 

 		-1280x1024 
 		Sets screen resolution to 1280x1024. 

 		-1280x960 
 		Sets screen resolution to 1280x960. 
 		You can also manually enter these commands by editing 

 		-1024x768 
 		Sets screen resolution to 1024x768. 
 		your "config.wtf" file located in the WTF folder of your 

 		-800x600 
 		Sets screen resolution to 800x600. 
 		World of Warcraft directory 

 		-640x480 
 		Sets screen resolution to 640x480. 
 		Rule of Thumb: 
 		0 = False, 1 = True (commands that are 0 or 1) 

 		Graphics Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		anisotropic 
 		Anisotropic texture filtering. Improves quality of textures in the
distance. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 1, 2, 4, 8, or 16 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		baseMip 
 		Base mipmap level 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Quality 

 		DesktopGamma 
 		Use desktop gamma values (if enabled, the "gamma" variable is
ignored) 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		detailDoodadAlpha 
 		Alpha level of detail doodads 
 		100 
 		Integer: 0 - 255 

 		DistCull 
 		Sets distance for culling of objects near farclip 
 		500.00 
 		Double: 1.0 - 888.888916 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		doodadAnim 
 		Toogle doodad animation. Animated geometry. 
 		1 
 		Integer: Any 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		farClip 
 		View distance. 
 		500.00 
 		Double: 177.0 - 777.0 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		ffx 
 		Enable full-screen effects. Enabling this will provide higher
graphics quality. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		ffxDeath 
 		Full screen death effect. Enabling this will enable certain screen
effects while dead. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		ffxGlow 
 		Full screen glow effect. Enabling this will give a soft glow
(bloom) effect. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		ffxRectangle 
 		Use rectangle texture for full screen effect. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		footstepBias 
 		Unit footstep depth bias. 
 		0.125 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 
 		0 = Flickering, 1 = Neat 

 		frillDensity 
 		Density of grass and other ground foliage. Does not control the
distance at which they render. 
 		24 
 		Integer: 1 - 256 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		fullAlpha 
 		Full alpha level of detail. 
 		1 
 		Integer: Any 

 		gamma 
 		Screen gamma (brightness) *ignored if DesktopGamma is set to 1* 
 		1.0 
 		Double: Any 

 		gxApi 
 		Graphics API 
 		direct3d 
 		String: direct3d or opengl 
 		Direct3D provides greater performance 

 		gxAspect 
 		Constrain window aspect ratio. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		gxColorBits 
 		Color bits. Larger range of colors available to the renderer. 
 		24 
 		Integer: 16, 24, or 30 
 		16 = Performance, 24 = Quality, 30 bugs out for some reason 

 		gxCursor 
 		Toggle hardware cursor. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		Set to 0 to debug mouse issues 

 		gxDepthBits 
 		Depth bits. Don't use 32, the game doesn't seem to like it. 
 		24 
 		Integer: 16, 24, or 32 
 		16 = Performance, 24 = Quality 

 		gxFixLag 
 		Prevents mouse lag. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Less mouse lag 

 		gxMaximize 
 		Maximize game window. Used in conjunction with gxWindow 1. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		gxMultisample 
 		Multisample Anti-Aliasing (MSAA). 
 		1 
 		Integer: 1, 2, 4 or 8 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		gxMultisampleQuality 
 		Multisample Anti-Aliasing quality. 
 		0 
 		Double: Any 
 		No noticeable difference regardless of value. 

 		gxOverride 
 		gx overrides. 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		No idea what this comand does! 

 		gxRefresh 
 		Refresh rate of your monitor (if gxVSync enabled, FPS capped at
this value) 
 		60 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Set to maximum refresh rate of your monitor. 

 		gxResolution 
 		Screen resolution (widthxheight) 
 		1024x768 
 		String: Any valid resolution 
 		Set to maximum screen resolution of your monitor. 

 		gxTripleBuffer 
 		Triple Buffering (use in conjunction with gxVSync) 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 is VSync disabled, 1 if VSync enabled 

 		gxVSync 
 		Vertical Synchronization 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		I always suggest using this! It helps prevent screen tearing by
limiting your maximum framerate. 

 		gxWindow 
 		Toggle fullscreen/windowed mode 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Fullscreen, 1 = Windowed. Fullscreen gaming can increase
performance 

 		horizonFarClip 
 		Far clip plane distance for horizon. 
 		2112 
 		Double: 1305.0 - 2112.0 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		lodDist 
 		Set level of detail distance. 
 		100.00 
 		Float: 50.0 - 250.0 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality (Only takes effect with "lod"
is set to 1) 

 		M2BatchDoodads 
 		Combine doodads to reduce batch count. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		M2Faster 
 		End User control of scene optimization mode. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 - 3 
 		1 = Dual-core CPU, 2 = Tri-Core CPU, 3 = Quad-Core CPU or greater 

 		M2UseClipPlanes 
 		Use clip planes for sorting transparent objects 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		M2UsePixelShaders 
 		Light models using pixel shaders 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		M2UseShaders 
 		Skin models using vertex shaders 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		M2UseThreads 
 		Multithread model animations 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		M2UseZFill 
 		Z-fill transparent objects 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		mapObjLightLOD 
 		Map object light level of detail 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 - 2 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Balanced, 2 = Quality 

 		mapObjOverbright 
 		Map object overbright 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Peformance, 1 = Quality 

 		mapShadows 
 		Toggle map shadows 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		MaxLights 
 		Max number of hardware lights 
 		4 
 		Integer: 1 - 4 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		maxLOD 
 		Maximum level of detail. 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		Setting via console has no effect. 

 		nearClip 
 		Near clip plane distance. 
 		0.1 
 		Double: 0.01 - 0.33 
 		Higher values help prevent Z-Fighting (i.e. far textures
flickering) 

 		particleDensity 
 		Particle density. 
 		1.00 
 		Double: 0.25 - 1.00 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		pixelShaders 
 		Use pixel shaders. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		setShadow 
 		Shadows. 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		Setting via console has no effect. 

 		ShadowBias 
 		Unit shadow depth bias. 
 		0.1 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 

 		shadowLevel 
 		Terrain shadow map mip level. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Quality 

 		ShadowLOD 
 		Unit shadow level of detail. Blob shadow at base of player and
NPCs. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		showfootprintparticles 
 		Toggles rendering of footprint particles. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		showfootprints 
 		Toggles rendering of footprints. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		SkyCloudLOD 
 		Cloud level of detail. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		SkySunGlare 
 		Sun glare. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		SmallCull 
 		Object size culling. 
 		0.04 
 		Double: 0.001 - 2.0 
 		Higher = Performance, Lower = Quality 

 		specular 
 		Specularity effects. Shiny reflections and such. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		spellEffectLevel 
 		Spell Effects. 
 		2 
 		Integer: 0 - 2 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Balanced, 2 = Quality 

 		texLodBias 
 		Texture Level of Detail Bias. 
 		0.0 
 		Double: -1.0 - 1.0 
 		Higher = Performance, Lower = Quality 

 		textureLodDist 
 		Texture detail. 
 		777.0 
 		Float: 80.0 - 777.0 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		triangleStrips 
 		Use triangle strips to render. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		trilinear 
 		Trilinear texture filtering. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		unitDrawDist 
 		Unit draw distance. 
 		300.0 
 		Integer: 100 - 300 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		useWeatherShaders 
 		Use shaders for weather effects. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Performance, 1 = Quality 

 		violenceLevel 
 		Gore/blood violence level. 
 		N/A 
 		Integer: 0 - 5 
 		0 = Less gore (and possibly more performance), 5 = Most gore (and
possibly less performance) 

 		waterLOD 
 		Water geometry level of detail 
 		0 
 		UNKNOWN. 

 		waterMaxLOD 
 		Maximum level of detail for water 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		This command seems to have no effect. 

 		waterParticulates 
 		Water particulates 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		This command seems to have no effect. 

 		waterRipples 
 		Water ripples 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		This command seems to have no effect. 

 		waterSpecular 
 		Water specular lighting effects 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		This command seems to have no effect. 

 		waterWaves 
 		Water waves 
 		N/A 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		This command seems to have no effect. 

 		weatherDensity 
 		Intensity of weather effects (rain, snow, etc) *Higher values =
more intense weather!* 
 		2 
 		Integer: 0 - 3 
 		Lower = Performance, Higher = Quality 

 		widescreen 
 		Widescreen resolution 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		Set to 1 if using a widescreen resolution (such as 1920x1080) 

 		Game Engine Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		bspcache 
 		BSP node caching 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		1 = Performance, 0 = Less Performance 

 		scriptMemory 
 		Memory used by the scripting system (in Kb) 
 		49152 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Higher values dedicate more memory to addons. 

 		timingModeOverride 
 		Select a specific timing mode. RDTSC is supposedly the most
precise. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 - 4 
 		0=default 1=GetTickCount 2=RDTSC 3=QueryPerformanceCounter
4=timeGetTime 

 		hwDetect 
 		Do hardware detection. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		Hardware detection at the start of the game. 

 		CheckAddonVersion 
 		Check interface addon version number. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Loads all addons, 1 = Loads only up to date addons 

 		Sounds Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		AmbienceVolume 
 		Ambient sound effect volume 
 		0.6 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 
 		Lower = Quieter, Higher = Louder 

 		disableOptionalSpeech 
 		Disables the optional speech packs (forces use of primary speech
pack) 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		EmoteSounds 
 		Emote sound effects 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No emote sounds, 1 = Emote sounds 

 		EnableAmbience 
 		Enable ambience sound effects 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No ambient sound effects, 1 = Ambient sound effects 

 		EnableErrorSpeech 
 		Error speech 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No error speech, 1 = Error speech 

 		EnableGroupSpeech 
 		Voice macros 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		EnableMusic 
 		Enables music 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No music, 1 = Music 

 		MapWaterSounds 
 		Water sounds 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No water sounds, 1 = Water sounds 

 		MasterSoundEffects 
 		Enable sound effects 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No sound effects, 1 = Sound effects 

 		MasterVolume 
 		Master volume 
 		1 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 
 		Lower = Quieter, Higher = Louder 

 		MusicVolume 
 		Music volume 
 		0.4 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 
 		Lower = Quieter, Higher = Louder 

 		SoundBufferSize 
 		Sound buffer size (milliseconds) 
 		50 
 		Integer: Any 

 		SoundDriver 
 		Sound driver (-1 = system default) 
 		-1 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		*Do not modify unless extremely knowledgeable* 

 		SoundInitFlags 
 		Sound initialization flags 
 		128 
 		UNKNOWN 

 		SoundListenerAtCharacter 
 		Lock listener at character 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Sound based on camera position, 1 = Sound based on character
position. 

 		SoundMaxHardwareChannels 
 		Sound maximum hardware channels 
 		12 
 		UNKNOWN 

 		SoundMemoryCache 
 		Sound cache memory size (MB) (I personally have this set to 128
*128MB* and have had no issues) 
 		4 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Higher = More memory to sound cache (could reduce overhead) 

 		SoundMinHardwareChannels 
 		Sound minimum hardware channels (-1 = system default) 
 		-1 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		*Do not modify unless extremely knowledgeable* 

 		SoundMixer 
 		Sound mixer (-1 = system default) 
 		-1 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		*Do not modify unless extremely knowledgeable* 

 		SoundMixRate 
 		Sound mix rate (Hz) 
 		44100 
 		Integer: 44100 or 48000 
 		Setting to 48000 can theoretically increase audio quality. 

 		SoundOutputSystem 
 		Sound output system (-1 = system default) 
 		-1 
 		UNKNOWN 
 		*Do not modify unless extremely knowledgeable* 

 		SoundReverb 
 		Sound reverberation effect 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No reverb, 1 = Reverb 

 		SoundRolloffFactor 
 		Sound rolloff factor 
 		4 
 		UNKNOWN 

 		SoundSoftwareChannels 
 		Sound software channels 
 		12 
 		UNKNOWN 

 		SoundVolume 
 		Sound volume 
 		1 
 		Double: 0.0 - 1.0 
 		Lower = Quieter, Higher = Louder 

 		SoundZoneMusicNoDelay 
 		Loop music (same as the one in Sound Options) 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Music doesn't keep looping over and over, 1 = Music always
plays 

 		User Interface Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		deselectOnClick 
 		N/A 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		gameTip 
 		Determines which Loading Screen tip will display. It increments
every time you login, starting at 1. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 1 - ? 
 		I do not know how many game tips there are in total. 

 		minimapInsideZoom 
 		N/A 
 		3 
 		UNKNOWN 

 		minimapZoom 
 		Minimap zoom level. Same at the + and - icons on the minimap. 
 		3 
 		Integer: 0 - 5 

 		mouseInvertPitch 
 		Invert mouse pitch movements 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		mouseInvertYaw 
 		Invert mouse yaw movements 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		mouseSpeed 
 		Mouse speed 
 		1 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Higher = More mouse sensitivity, Lower = Lower mouse sensitivity 

 		movie 
 		Intro movie. The "Ten Years Ago" movie that plays at the very
beginning of the game. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Disable introduction movie, 1 = Enable introduction movie 

 		movieSubtitle 
 		Show movie subtitles 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Disable movie subtitles, 1 = Enable movie subtitles 

 		ObjectSelectionCircle 
 		Selection circle at base of targets. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No selection circle, 1 = Selection circle enabled 

 		profanityFilter 
 		Toggle profanity filter. Profanity means swears, cursing, etc. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Profanity filter disabled, 1 = Profanity filter enabled. 

 		ShowErrors 
 		Errors being shown 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		showGameTips 
 		Game tips. This controls the game tips being shown on the loading
screens. 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Tips not shown on loading screen, 1 = Show tips on loading
screen 

 		showLootSpam 
 		N/A 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		spamFilter 
 		Toggle spam filter 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Spam filter disabled, 1 = Spam filter enabled 

 		statusBarText 
 		N/A 
 		0 
 		Integer: Any 

 		targetNearestDistance 
 		N/A 
 		41.0 
 		Double: 1.0 - 50.0 

 		targetNearestDistanceRadius 
 		N/A 
 		10.0 
 		Double: 1.0 - 50.0 

 		UberTooltips 
 		Toggles ubertips 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		uiScale 
 		User interface size scaling (Use in conjunction with useUIScale 1) 
 		1.0 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Higher = Larger interface elements. Don't make them too big! 

 		UnitNameRenderMode 
 		Sets unitname mode 
 		2 
 		Integer: 0 - 3 
 		(0=none, 1=lockedunits/lockedplayers, 2=playersalways+lockedunits,
3=all units always) 

 		useUIScale 
 		Use custom user interface scaling 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Disable custom UI scaling, 1 = Use custom UI scaling 

 		Combat Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		assistAttack 
 		Same as "Assist on Attack" in Interface Options. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Disabled, 1 = Enabled 

 		combatLogOn 
 		Enable combat log 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Disable combat log, 1 = Enable combat log 

 		Debugging Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		debugTaint 
 		N/A 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		ErrorFilter 
 		Filter errors (use "except" to invert mask i.e. all except objects)

 		all 
 		See notes 
 		Values: general, world, ui, animation, models, objects, all 

 		ErrorLevelMax 
 		The most severe type of errors to filter 
 		3 
 		Integer: 0 - 3 

 		ErrorLevelMin 
 		The least severe type of errors to filter 
 		1 
 		Integer: 0 - 3 

 		Errors 
 		Toggle error display 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = No errors displayed, 1 = Errors displayed 

 		Miscellaneous Commands 
 		Description 
 		Default Value 
 		Possible Values 
 		Notes 

 		readContest 
 		Status of the Contest notice 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		readEULA 
 		Status of the End User License Agreement 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Did not accept EULA, 1 = Accepted EULA 

 		readScanning 
 		Status of the Scanning notice 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 

 		readTOS 
 		Status of the Terms of Service. 
 		0 
 		Integer: 0 or 1 
 		0 = Did not accept Terms of Service, 1 = Accepted Terms of Service 

 		realmName 
 		Current name of realm 
 		N/A 
 		String: Any 
 		Last realm that was successfully logged into. 

 		accountName 
 		Saved account name 
 		N/A 
 		String: Any 
 		Last account name to successfully log into a server. 

 		lastCharacterIndex 
 		Last character selected 
 		0 
 		Integer: Any 
 		Last character to log into the game. 

 		Console Commands 
 		Description 

 		bgcolor 
 		Console background color 

 		cameraClip 
 		N/A 

 		clear 
 		Clear all text from the console 

 		closeconsole 
 		Closes the developer console 

 		consolelines 
 		Set maximum visible lines in the console (expands it, makes it
bigger) 

 		font 
 		Console font type. This is not for the in-game chat. 

 		fontcolor 
 		Console font color. This is not for the in-game chat. 

 		fontsize 
 		Console font size. This is not for the in-game chat. 

 		gxRestart 
 		Reinitialize the graphics engine 

 		heapusage 
 		Shows debugging information about the heap 

 		highlightcolor 
 		N/A 

 		objusage 
 		Shows debugging information about object usage 

 		reloadUI 
 		Reloads the user interface 

 		repeat 
 		N/A 

 		logout 
 		Log out 

 		quit 
 		Exits game immediately 

 		ver 
 		Show game version 

 		cvar_reset 
 		Set the value of a cvar to its startup value 

 		cvar_default 
 		Set the value of a cvar to its coded default value 

 		cvarlist 
 		Shows all cvars 

 		Toggleable Commands 
 		Description 

 		showCull 
 		Terrain culling 

 		showDetailDoodads 
 		Detail doodads 

 		showLowDetail 
 		Terrain low detail 

 		showShadow 
 		Terrain shadow 

 		showSimpleDoodads 
 		Simple doodads 

 		showplayer 
 		Toggle player hidden or not 

 		togglecloak 
 		Toggles display of the cloak on and off 

 		togglehelm 
 		Toggles display of the helmet on and off 

 		Script Commands 
 		Description 

 		/script SetBaseMip(value) 
 		Modifies "baseMip" 

 		/script SetDoodadAnim(value) 
 		Modifies "doodadAnim" 

 		/script SetFarclip(value) 
 		Seems to modify "farClip" only 

 		/script SetWorldDetail(value) 
 		0 = frillDensity 16 1 = frillDensity 32 2 = frillDensity 48. 

 		/script SetGamma(value) 
 		Modifies "gamma". Same as using the gamma command. 

 		/script SetTerrainMip(value) 
 		Modifies "shadowlevel". Anything besides 1 or 0 will result in
seriously malformed shadows 

 		/script SetTexLodBias(value) 
 		If you set the value too high or low, the game will actually crash!


 		There are many more commands than the ones listed. Most of the
additional commands are either ones that control the camera or ones
that are exclusive 

 		to developers. They will not all be listed here because they simply
do not matter! If you wish to see every single command, then do your
own research! 

 		The commands listed here are the only practical ones for end users.
Use them! 

