CLIENT MODS

The Turtle WoW client could be enhanced by adding mods known as packed
files of data (.mpq files) for your TWoW client to load, which similar
to the concept of addon. These MODS ARE UNSUPPORTED BY THE TURTLE WOW
STAFF! You must remember how to uninstall and reinstall these mods if
they cause any problems you experience! Messing with your Data/ folder
can interfere with gameplay and cripple your client if you are
careless about the potential risks. In the latest Turtle WoW Launcher
(Supported Two OS; WINDOWS: TurtleWow.exe, LINUX: TurtleWoW.AppImage),
you may manually enable / disable them accordingly.

! WARNING: USING THIS AT YOUR OWN RISK.[]

All these may break the game. In case things are not working properly
disable or remove those custom mods via the Official Launcher,

INSTALLATION[]

To install a client mod, download the .mpq file, and drag it into
TurtleWoW/Data/. To uninstall a mod, just delete the corresponding
.mpq file from the Data folder. When using TURTLEWOW Launcher, do
enable those install mods in the 'Mods' Tab via refers to picture
attached.

SOMETIMES TWO MODS SHARE THE SAME NAME AND CONFLICT. That is okay
since you can easily rename these mods to different patch letters and
numbers. Turtle WoW uses the early numbers for its own client mods
that allow the client to function, so avoid using numbers and early
letters, and keep to using later letters first.

The client loads the mods in order, STARTING with patch-1.mpq, ENDING
in patch-Z.mpq.

 		FILENAME (*.MPQ) 
 		INFORMATION 
 		REMARK 

 		patch-9.mpq 
 		Pretty Night Sky 

 		patch-A.mpq 
 		Turtle HD 
 		N/A for 1.17.2 patch 

 		patch-B.mpq 
 		BIKINI MOD 

 		patch-C.mpq 
 		Old Vanilla Ogres 

 		patch-E.mpq 
 		Alt HD 
 		enhanced environment 

 		patch-F.mpq 
 		WotLK Feral Forms 

 		patch-I.mpq 
 		Incubus 

 		patch-T.mpq 
 		Turtle Restoration Project (TRP) 

 		patch-W.mpq 
 		CLASSIIC HD 
 		enhances buildings and items, requiring Turtle/Alt HD for character
and creature updates. 

 		patch-X.mpq 
 		high elf modification 
 		Depends on TurtleHD, Alt-mod , high elf eyes glow 

 		patch-Z.mpq 
 		Darker Night 
 		N/A for 1.17.2 patch (Not recommended)
note that Patch-z also known conflict naming pattern with Chinese
client patch.

AVAILABLE MODS[]

Community member RETROCRO has salvaged links from archived and cached
pages to provide a one-stop collection of links for all mods listed
here on their Github.

TURTLE HD* (NOT SUPPORTED FOR LATEST PATCH 1.17.2)[]

This mod backports many character models and textures, as well as
environment textures, from Legion and later WoW versions, to Turtle's
vanilla client. As with many, this is quite a hefty mod that changes
quite a lot of assets, so be sure to check the forums post and
consider contacting the author with any issues/concerns.

ALT HD[]

This mod, similar to Turtle HD, backports some assets from retail but
with a bigger emphasis on overhauling ground clutter and tilesets.

BANJO - KAZOOIE & BANJO - TOOIE MUSIC MOD[]

This mod adds music from the games Banjo Kazooie and Banjo Tooie to
Turtle WoW.

Download the latest version here

BE SILENT DEMON[]

This mod removes/mutes the warlock pet voice lines. They get pretty
annoying. Optional imp-only version too.

Download

DARKER NIGHTS[]

While the brightness of night time in 2006 wow is rather dark compared
to modern wow, this mod aims to darken things down significantly for a
much more immersive feel. Duskwood is even darker than the rest,
making Darkshire actually true to its name! IMPORTANT: This mod used
to be called Patch-Z but TWoW is using that internally for language
localization. Renamed to Patch-Y. for the time being. This version of
Dark Nights has been modified to work better under Turtle WoW,

DEAMON HUNTER SKIN[]

This simple mod change in HD mod Demon Hunter Skin for females Night
elf's to more demonic one.

PRETTY NIGHT SKY[]

Port over from one of Legion's Sky box to create a beautiful night
sky.

WOTLK FERAL FORMS[]

This backports the WotLK model for both Night Elf and Tauren Druids'
bear and cat forms.

INCUBUS[]

This replaces the Warlock Succubus pet with an Incubus.

HIGH ELF MODIFICATIONS[]

A few small mods aiming to modify the High Elf race, requires TURTLE
HD.

ENHANCED HD WATER[]

This mod replaces Vanilla's water textures, softening them and making
them generally less noisy to look at.

BLOOD ENHANCED[]

This mod downports the blood mod from the WoW WotLK v3.3.5 client to
enhance blood visuals in combat.

FOG PUSHBACK[]

Pushes back fog significantly to increase view distance. Recommended
to use this with VanillaTweaks for FarClip distance enhancement,
details on the wiki page here.

WARCRAFT 3 CURSORS[]

This mod made a little Warcraft 3 Cursor Interface Addon, should go
well with Fiur's Warcraft 3 UI. Please follow Readme.txt Instructions
for proper Installation.

BIKINI MOD[]

Alters multiple female equipment and armor sets to be significantly
more revealing/skimpy as well as fixing specific issues with chest
pieces and bras.

[]

This mod introduces significant geometry, animation and texture
changes to female high elves, night elves and humans to provide
aesthetic body and character model changes.

AUTUMN ELWYNN RESKIN[]

Replaces and edits a few textures in Stormwind, Elwynn Forest,
Redridge, and Westfall to add fall foliage, replace flowers with
leaves etc.

DRUID BEAST WARRIOR FORMS FOR NE AND TA[]

This patch replaces your Bear/Dire Bear Forms to Furbolg Form; Cat
Form is changed to Tigon form (boss in ZG). Both new forms have
faction-specific coloring.

BETTER UNDERWEAR FOR HIGH ELVES[]

The design will vary depending on the skin color you choose, so it
will be a surprise every time you create a new character.

	* Downloads and more info on the forum post here.

BIGGER MOUSE CURSOR[]

Vanilla WoW client has a hard-coded 32x32 pixel sized mouse cursor. We
can't adjust it by UI scale nor display resolution. When running the
game on a modern high DPI display like 4K resolution, the cursor would
be too small. Vanilla client don't have the in-game option to set
cursor size like Retail client.

So here is a modified DXVK which gives a 2X sized cursor (64x64 pixel)
which should be enough for 4K display resolution. It could even
enlarge cursor into 3X or 4X size for 8K if needed, by its option. It
could also load user-provided images into cursor. Maximum size is
128x128 pixel. Note that editing .MPQ file can't surpass 32x32 pixel
limitation.

	* Downloads for modified DXVK and more info on Github here.
 	* High-resolution custom cursors available on Github here.

IMPROVED 2FA LOGIN[]

Improves the 2FA Interface so you can enter your 2FA in as text rather
than clicking the numbers. There are 2 versions of this patch. Use
only ONE of these patches as they are incompatible with one another!

ARACHNOPHOBIA[]

Arachnophobia patches. Crab, Rock Flayer, and Ravager. Modifies
certain spider enemies into other monsters for those who have
arachnophobia.

OLD VANILLA OGRES[]

Old Vanilla Ogres Model of Twow. Adapted for Twow by AMBEREMBER.

TURTLE WOW GBANK FIX FOR SUPERWOW[]

A client fix for SuperWoW users. This mod fixes an error message that
occurs when being near the guild bank NPC without the guild bank open,
and the interaction of items with charges when trying to deposit. This
mod goes in your Data folder.

TURTLE RESTORATION PROJECT (TRP)[]

The TURTLE RESTORATION PROJECT (TRP) enhances the world maps and
loading screens of World of Warcraft’s classic era (version 1.12.1)
through machine learning upscaling, tailored SPECIFICALLY FOR TURTLE
WOW. Created to complement the server’s fan-made expansion,
_Mysteries of Azeroth_, TRP aligns with the server’s mission to
deepen players’ connection to the VANILLA WOW world, capturing
Azeroth’s timeless sense of adventure.

CLASSIIC HD PATCH[]

The Classic HD Patch provides a focused visual update for Vanilla WoW,
improving specific elements of the game:

	* TIER 2 ARMOR SETS: All Tier 2 armor sets have been upgraded with
high-definition textures, adding greater detail and a polished look to
these iconic designs.
 	* CROSSROADS BUILDINGS: Key buildings in the Crossroads have been
revamped with updated WMO models, bringing a more refined appearance
to this bustling Barrens hub.

This patch exclusively enhances WMO (buildings) and M2 (items) models.
To enjoy character and creature upgrades, the HD PATCH is required
alongside this update. Together, they offer a comprehensive visual
overhaul while keeping compatibility with Vanilla WoW servers.

direct Download link here

BETTER FLIRTS MOD[]

This mod replaces the /flirt emote voice lines for certain races with
new ones. Some funny, some romantic.

download from the forums

SEE ALSO[]

